Smokey the Bear, Smokey the Bear Hello there, folks.
This is Smokey, the forest fire-preventing bear.
Those singing friends of mine, the sons of the pioneers, have a song for you.
But first, how about joining us on a little visit to a big star?
Today it's Ward Bond.
And here we are, sitting in the shade of a covered wagon out on the plains.
Mr. Bond, it's good of you to let us visit.
You know, Smokey, getting around the way I do, I've seen some mighty big forest and prairie fires.
They got started in every case because some farmer or rancher was careless in clearing land or in burning the brush or debris.
A little horse sense would have prevented those fires,
Those folks should have plowed a good fire line around the area.
They should have had some help at hand and a supply of water, as well as the proper tools.
They should have waited until the weather was right.
And some of them, as they sadly realize now, should have checked on the law.
In many cases, you need to get a burning permit from your local fire warden or your ranger.
The cost of fighting those fires and the damage they did came high.
It's too bad that some folks always have to learn the hard way.
Thanks, Mr. Bond.
I sure hope folks will really take your message to heart and be careful when they burn brush and other debris.
Now, before you move on with your wagon train, the Sons of the Pioneers here have an appropriate song for you.
It's called Chant of the Plains.
I need you.
Far in the distance, hear that note.
It's born of a call in a savage throat who waits a mate's reply.
Listen to the moaning of the wind on its way.
Everything he touches, see it bend and sway.
Seem to pledge your love and send him on his way.
That's why I need you.
All through the prairie I wander.
Night falls and I long for you.
Everything here in God's garden shares my longing too.
Listen to the prairie weave a song from a whale.
Listen to him blend up with a nightingale.
Winging up a ball for the dark clouds sail and fly.
Listen to the rhythm of the padded feet Stealing through the desert hear his wild heartbeat Searching for his love and my heart repeats his cry
Far in the distance, hear that note.
It's born of a call in a savage throat who waits.
A mate's reply.
Listen to the moaning of the wind on its way.
Everything he touches, see it bend and sway.
Seen to pledge your love and send him on his way.
That's why I need you.
Well, that's it for now, folks.
Thanks a lot for spending this time with us.
You know it's your own state forestry department, along with the Forest Service, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, and this station you're listening to that make these get-togethers possible.
Until we say hello there again and pay another little visit to another big star, this is Smokey and his pals, the Sons of the Pioneers, asking you to always remember, only you can prevent forest and range fires.
Smokey the bear, Smokey the bear, prowling and a-growling and a-sit in the air.
He can find a fire before it starts to flame.
That's why they call him Smokey, that was how he got his name.
.